
To whom it may concern -

Capital One requests removal of the below listed repositories based on its
belief that the repositories contain proprietary source code owned by
Capital One. Please note that this is the requested resubmission of the
DMCA take down for DNK417, for consolidation of information.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?**

*Yes.*

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**

The following URLs include, to the best of our knowledge, Capital One
proprietary owned software code.

*Full URL*

https://github.com/dnk417/MicroService/blob/master/credit_policy.jpg

https://github.com/dnk417/nexus-configuration/blob/633a9b7e7c04c0f8ac891250bdbeb7c300d4bc38/README.md

https://github.com/dnk417/nexus-configuration

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

*Yes, we have performed a search and have included any applicable forks. *

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

*No, none of these are open source. These are proprietary works of Capital
One. The repository contains Capital One code and links to internal Capital
One servers and enterprise github repositories. This content is found
specifically on the landing page of the repository,
ttps://github.com/dnk417/nexus-configuration - where there's a reference
to com.capitalone.intellix treasury-management-common-parent, this is also
in this file:  
https://github.com/dnk417/nexus-configuration/blob/master/README.md *

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

*Capital One is requesting that this information be deleted. *

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:**

*No.*

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.*

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

*I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.*

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**

[private]

Capital One

[private]

15000 Capital One Drive

Richmond, VA 23238

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

*([private] on behalf of) [private]*

--

[private]

Capital One Services, LLC

Cell: [private]

*[private]*
