Dear colleagues,

Please remove the following repositories aimed to circumvent technical measures which protect
JetBrains' proprietery software from unauthorized use. Formal DMCA claim is below.

To: GitHub, Inc

Attn: DMCA Agent  
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St  
San Francisco, CA. 94107  
via copyright@github.com

Prague, June 8th, 2020

Infringement Notice

Dear Sirs/Madams,

Products of our company JetBrains s.r.o., such as PhpStorm, WebStorm, PyCharm, RubyMine, IntelliJ
IDEA, AppCode, ReSharper, CLion,
DataGrip are proprietary desktop software products. The originals of the products can be found at
JetBrains s.r.o. official website: https://jetbrains.com.

We have been notified that cracks, instructions on how to use the cracks, activation codes, and
other methods which aim to circumvent technical measures protecting JetBrains tools from
unauthorized use are publicly accessible on your website github.com.

JetBrains protects its software tools by authorizing the users to run the tools if the user
activates the tool with either valid JetBrains account credentials or an activation code. The
credentials are for running tools online with an access to the internet, and the activation code is
for offline use, when the tools are running without an access to the internet.

The materials infringing JetBrains s.r.o. rights mentioned above are to be found in particular on
the following links:

https://github.com/infinex/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/rubysm/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/alexzhurov/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Niels-P/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/bbaobelief/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/codingmonster/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/caominhtri91/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lnquy/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/huangchaosysu/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/vladgaus/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wind2008hxy/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/teopeurt/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/bouhajja/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ScCcWe/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sallenkov/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lineCode/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/mayite/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/eshaanmangal/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ourines/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/panyingyun/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/asdlei99/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/eqyun/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sinceow/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/trysingtime/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jdev2412/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wangjunniit/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/rmallof/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hemansutanty/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/webcorporate/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/safrasmim/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/vjeson/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/chingloong/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/AyatKhraisat/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hoxsec/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/manishtamaria/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/transwalle/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ckaock/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/LuizFerr/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ycysdf/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ywwynm/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/schleiderb/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hldgaofeng/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/dlxqlig/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/thesoftwaremasons/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/DominikK0702/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/loka1/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/GianC-Dev/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/folkevil/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Afnisse/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zaypen/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/littlewhitefox/jetbrains-license-2021 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/iseei/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ilongshan/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/SivaKranthiKumar/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/vadimbs/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/shekhargulati/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/pydprojects/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Hansum/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/williamlee0218/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Sang2306/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/oexza/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/KENTua/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/kenexllc/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/fidele000/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sagar-pardhi/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/mike14u/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/IIIAX-87/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/aleksia123/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jadhavdinesh7/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sholazar/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/nimish-kumar/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ravatsinh/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/tonywangtony/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/arnoldkouya/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/williamodiomonafe/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/renzo-ezagui/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gelbman20/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jayshah-07/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/newravecompress/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/mafikes/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Partoo/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/bleico/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/harini-ua/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/emersonrodrigod/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Finezxc/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/rajpatel2240-odoo/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/alaadahmed/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ahmedmansour08/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wall-e-08/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/MaximBelov/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/aymanElkhouly/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/trevor-atlas/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Benzalf/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Brblol/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/diweiqiang/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sugandhgandhi/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/mdhafiz/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/leonidasfsilva/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/TerrenceTakunda/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Ezugworie/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ansarizafar/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/vadimpiro2003/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/untwal/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/darcyg/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Bkb-Med/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Devil64-Dev/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/md-riaz/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/chuanghan/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wellyWow/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hoaianh255/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/MercurialMune/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/TrueGameover/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/diashalabi/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/johnef/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/MouaaDev/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gayansanjeewa/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/w3cproject/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ericyk/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Uugantumen/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Oswaldgerald/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Nikita-Tolstoy/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wenyyang/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Chillimeat/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/VasimHayat/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jiangbo2015/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/imgVOID/jetbrains-license-2020 -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/eailfly/reset-jetbrains -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/apaterno/reset-jetbrains -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/razodactyl/reset-jetbrains -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/pyaehein/reset-jetbrains -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ahmadly/reset-jetbrains -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/liaobude/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ginkosen/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/radcat1987/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wind2008hxy/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/shangkh/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/AprilLemon/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/sgzman/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gang0713/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wongsyrone/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Muscleape/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/br7roy/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hoangpq/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/mibesr/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/leifengwl/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/EdwardNian/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jluckie/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/earthcto/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gaojinlei/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/todayliao/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/xcrod/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/twtylkmrh/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/emmajro/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/iooikaak/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/loululin/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/BraveChou/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/306room/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/vali16/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wcldyx/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zhidongluo/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Moulick/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/bblzjp/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wo406664627/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/iroving/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zhangxiangfeng/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/doublewinter0/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ngobach/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/L-fushen/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/limengcanyu/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hebehan/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/StarSarry/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/xiaodi2015/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/newzhangshuo/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lmmarise/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/372046933/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/watalo/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/kenexllc/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/datafeng/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ApollonBar/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gaoxw126/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/LiuBei-1994/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/fengfujie25/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/tick5/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/czs208112/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zhlei163/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lineCode/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/daimiaopeng/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/signorrayan/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/armandolazarte/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/yunhor/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jun8888jun8888/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/rush1714/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/asdlei99/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/cqyisbug/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/cqwshzj/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/DebugCoder/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Beaver-Company/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zhuyanlao/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/icybest/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Jooseph/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/OrzX/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/wangjin/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ytmfjjg/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/joenhon/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Cooboob/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/varnbu/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/nongnoobjung/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/woshiku110/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ColouredGlaze/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/980864138/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/kanyways/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zyzling/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Huguowei/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/pengzhile/ide-eval-resetter -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Nilpferd3/jetbrains-activator -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/aymanedroussi/jetbrains-activator -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/jcflow/jetbrains-license-forever -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Bada1208/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/luoshulin/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/MingIXu/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/rubiin/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Gavin-J/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hctwgl/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/baoshuang/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/scizers/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/PoonamRawat27/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Guluosha/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lywzx/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Gaulomatic/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/TechnorelyInc/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/walthinking/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/chancelier147/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/lirenmi/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ephemeral-eugenepatentsev/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/fczj/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/metallheart/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/hamedsh/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/gotoseeworld/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/195286381/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zyclove/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/beheoxinh/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/ggcodemasta/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/zhosenone/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/Yusuke537/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/shehinfn/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  
https://github.com/coffee-at-2am/IntelliJLicence -- repository contains a software which resets trial version  

Because you and github.com users owning repositories / gists mentioned above do not have any agreement with our company which would entitle you or them to redistribute our products, activation codes for the products, or prolong trial period of our products,

we consider the occurrence of activation codes for products of our company JetBrains s.r.o., instructions on how to reset trial mode, use the cracks, activation codes, and other methods which aim to circumvent technical measures protecting JetBrains tools from unauthorized use, such as, in particular, copies of hosts file with disabled access to JetBrains authorized license server account.jetbrains.com, on the website github.com to be infringement of our proprietary rights.

That's why we demand that you immediately remove all materials mentioned above from the website github.com, by the links specified above.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You can contact JetBrains s.r.o. on any matters via email [private]. The address is Kavci
Hory Office Park, Na hrebenech II 1718/10, Praha 4 - Nusle - 140 00, Czech Republic. Phone: [private]. Fax: [private]. The contact person is [private] (direct email
[private]).

This DMCA claim has been prepared and filed by [private] on behalf of [private]
([private], JetBrains s.r.o.).

Thank you!

Kind regards,  
[private] (on behalf of [private], [private], JetBrains s.r.o.)  
e-mail: [private]
