I ([private]) am authorized to send this email on behalf of  
[private] of https://knoxss.me  
  
My name is [private] and I am [private] of (link: https://knoxss.me)  
knoxss.me. A website that your company hosts (according to WHOIS  
information) is infringing on at least one copyright owned by my  
company. An article was copied onto your servers without permission.  
The original SOURCE CODE, to which we own the exclusive copyrights,  
can be found at: (link: https://knoxss.me) knoxss.me. The unauthorized  
and infringing copy can be found at:   
  
https://github.com/02bx/xssizer  
https://github.com/0day1day/xssizer  
https://github.com/Adity-dev/xssizer  
https://github.com/FraggleR0ck/xssizer  
https://github.com/Lz1y/xssizer  
https://github.com/MontassarHammouda/xssizer  
https://github.com/P3t3rp4rk3r/xssizer  
https://github.com/Seabreg/xssizer  
https://github.com/andripwn/xssizer  
https://github.com/boaz-foux/xssizer  
https://github.com/bravery9/xssizer  
https://github.com/ellipsys/xssizer  
https://github.com/gopinath6/xssizer  
https://github.com/ifishzz/xssizer  
https://github.com/jayateertha043/xssizer  
https://github.com/jotaah123/xssizer  
https://github.com/nakagit/xssizer  
https://github.com/rajivraj/xssizer  
https://github.com/saidortiz/xssizer  
https://github.com/secfb/xssizer  
https://github.com/skirankumar/xssizer  
https://github.com/thezawad/xssizer  
https://github.com/xmrio/xssizer  
https://github.com/zshell/xssizer  
  
  
 This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital  
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the  
aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that  
you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of  
their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify  
them to cease any further posting of infringing material to your  
server in the future. Please also be advised that law requires you, as  
a service provider, to remove or disable access to the infringing  
materials upon receiving this notice. Under US law a service provider,  
such as yourself, enjoys immunity from a copyright lawsuit provided  
that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and rectify ongoing  
copyright infringement. If service providers do not investigate and  
remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is lost.  
Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright  
infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove  
or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with  
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply  
immediately. I am providing this notice in good faith and with the  
reasonable belief that rights my company owns are being infringed.  
Under penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in  
the notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority  
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved. Should you  
wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly. Thank you.  
  
Name: [private] Address: [private] City: [private] State: [private] Email: [private]  
