**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
owner’s behalf?**  

Yes. Strategic Cyber LLC is the copyright owner. I am the owner of
Strategic Cyber LLC.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted
work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to
where it is posted online.**  

The infringed work is Cobalt Strike, a commercial software platform
for Adversary Simulations and Red Team Operations.

https://www.cobaltstrike.com/

SHA-256 hashes for the licensed Cobalt Strike product and its trial
archives are published at:

https://verify.cobaltstrike.com/

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file,
or if the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

The following repositories contained the Cobalt Strike 3.12 trial.
These are new forks from a previous DMCA notice
([private]). Please disable the
entire network (parent repository, current forks, any forks submitted
after this notice). We have reviewed a representative sample and
determined that all or most of the forks infringe to the same extent
as the parent repository:

https://github.com/Alberthchang/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/0xsb/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/0xyu/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/1522402210/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/5up3rc/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/65993487/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/al0ne/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/Asura88/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/attackplay/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/backlion/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/bit4woo/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/echotxl/Cs-Trial        
https://github.com/ewater77/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/followboy1999/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/forbidden-ali/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/fucke/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/gorgiaxx/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/h4ck0ne/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/hi-KK/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/iusky/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/kthemis/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/liusn/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/LxKxC/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/Mkv4/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/myndtt/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/Nixiteam-fate/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/rockmelodies/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/ShadowTeams/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/Sud0h4c/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/tharavel/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
https://github.com/yichinzhu/Cobaltstrike-Trial        
        
The following repositories contain a "cracked" version of the Cobalt        
Strike 3.12 trial:        
        
https://github.com/Lz1y/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/0xyu/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/1522402210/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Alberthchang/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Alennnnnn/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Asura88/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/BlueNoob/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/cnrstar/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Coeus94/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/diazraelwang/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/dP4ng/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/fengziHK/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/fucke/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/iusky/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/jiangsi520/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Kaka201/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/kingz40o/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/lastsongs/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/linkwik/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/liusn/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/naozibuhao/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/nighter233/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/raystyle/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/rootsecurity/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/Teicu/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/v5est0r/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/wisdark/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/xiaocaiji145/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
https://github.com/zealsec/cobalt_strike_3.12_patch        
        
https://github.com/ssooking/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/CykuTW/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/dP4ng/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/ewater77/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/fengziHK/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/jiangsi520/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/kericwy/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/leshier/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/loyo-tw/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/Mochazz/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/r00tsecc/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/Spr1ngBr0ther/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/tahwgithub/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/v5est0r/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/Vs0sV/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
https://github.com/xiaolushuo/cobaltstrike3.12_cracked        
        
Please consider disabling the entire network for        
cobalt_strike_3.12_patch and cobaltstrike3.12_cracked. This would        
include parent repository, current forks, and any forks submitted        
after this notice. The content in these networks are a "cracked"        
version of the content subject to a previous DMCA notice        
([private]). We have reviewed a        
representative sample of these repositories and determined that all or        
most of the forks infringe to the same extent as the parent        
repository.        
        
The following repositories contain cracked versions or as-is versions        
of Cobalt Strike:        
        
https://github.com/potats0/cobaltstrike-cracked        
https://github.com/0xsb/cobaltstrike-cracked        
        
https://github.com/junaidmugloo/CRACKED-COBALT        
https://github.com/hollyboom/CRACKED-COBALT        
https://github.com/R0ckNRolla/CRACKED-COBALT        
        
https://github.com/nawfling/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/R0ckNRolla/cobaltstrike-crack-1        
        
https://github.com/justkalistudy/cobalt_tool        
        
https://github.com/Atomnuaro/ct        
        
https://github.com/nilotpalbiswas/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/akkaorig/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/akrolla/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/Alpah7/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/Alpha07/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/AlTune/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/dcmjid/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/dedxatab/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/disk-kk/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/dr5y5/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/dragrow/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/drforbin/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/frustreated/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/hackernix/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/hanshaze/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/NiagaraInfoSec/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/PLATYPUSCO007/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/qqvirus/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/R0ckNRolla/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/rl1k/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/secfb/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/skinny21/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/ssh30/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/taylorwin/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/wizcodex/cobaltstrike-crack        
https://github.com/xstpl/cobaltstrike-crack        
        
https://github.com/asdivipti9571/test        
        
https://github.com/Georgehack/george        
        
https://github.com/anbai-inc/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/0irebRwE/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/0xmaohou/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/5up3rc/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/admincccc/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/BlueNoob/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/chirenbutugutou/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/fengziHK/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/fucke/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/gitlabsyncint/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/hackxx/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/huigou90/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/humblepride/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/hybridious/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/JacobJacob/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/kavern1128/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/Kyhvedn/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/linhao945/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/luluwuwei/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/Mosuan/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/MyPuppet/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/onlycjeg/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/qsdj/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/rockmelodies/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/sevck/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/shad0w008/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/SuperDong0/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/tosgit/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/tyekrgk/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/ver007/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/wangxiuwen-fork/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/whitesharks/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/winking1994/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/wpsec/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/xfstudio/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/xiaocaiji145/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
https://github.com/xunnun/CobaltStrike_Hanization        
        
The following repositories contain a mix of infringed and        
non-infringing content. The infringed file or directory is linked        
directly:        
        
https://github.com/darkcode357/cobalt-strike-/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
https://github.com/doge-dog/cobalt-strike-/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
https://github.com/MrFk/cobalt-strike-/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
https://github.com/qqvirus/cobalt-strike-/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
        
https://github.com/ribhy-bishtawi/y1/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
        
https://github.com/githubmaidou/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/cash2one/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/ChildeSun/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/sry309/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/tuian/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/v1cker/ElephantScan/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
        
https://github.com/jeffzh3ng/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/ccgcyber/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/cyberjarv/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/d0bug/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/firebitsbr/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/hkmujj/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/Ho1mium/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/luwikes/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/MonitorCat/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/pianomanx/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/qianniaoge/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/robot0x/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/taylorwin/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/wifislax/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/HelloPoogle/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/wolfwhoami/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/xi4ohz/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/XiangLinMao/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/XorgX30/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
https://github.com/xuacker/KIT/tree/master/PostExp/CobaltStrike        
        
https://github.com/z3roTo0ne/Collected-Tools/tree/master/%E5%86%85%E7%BD%91%E6%B8%97%E9%80%8F/cb        
        
https://github.com/governormars/Collected-Tools/tree/master/%E5%86%85%E7%BD%91%E6%B8%97%E9%80%8F/cs3.8/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/webs3c/Collected-Tools/tree/master/%E5%86%85%E7%BD%91%E6%B8%97%E9%80%8F/cs3.8/cobaltstrike        
        
https://github.com/wooy0ung/pentest/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
https://github.com/Trietptm-on-Security/pentest-6/tree/master/cobaltstrike        
        
https://github.com/hwiewie/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.zip        
https://github.com/hwiewie/Files/blob/master/Cobalt%20Strike%20v3.5.1.zip        
https://github.com/hwiewie/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
        
https://github.com/c002/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.zip        
https://github.com/c002/Files/blob/master/Cobalt%20Strike%20v3.5.1.zip        
https://github.com/c002/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
        
https://github.com/hollyboom/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.zip        
https://github.com/hollyboom/Files/blob/master/Cobalt%20Strike%20v3.5.1.zip        
https://github.com/hollyboom/Files/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
        
https://github.com/Hawk1n5/File/blob/master/cobaltstrike.jar        
        
https://github.com/walkerk1980/dockerExploit/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.tgz        
https://github.com/RobertJiangC/dockerExploit/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.tgz        
https://github.com/sopsmattw/dockerExploit/blob/master/cobaltstrike-trial.tgz        

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be
identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have
it taken down.**  

Yes. Other forks may have appeared since this notice was received/processed.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under
the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

Cobalt Strike is licensed under the terms of an End User License
Agreement. The terms of this EULA prohibit redistribution without the
express written consent of Strategic Cyber LLC. The terms of this EULA
also prohibit modifications/derivative works.

https://www.cobaltstrike.com/license

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are
there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Remove the infringed content.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so,
please provide it:**  

No.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good
faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on
the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or
its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under
penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a
DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**  

[private]  
Strategic Cyber LLC  
1875 Connecticut Ave NW  
10th Floor  
Washington, DC 20009  

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

// signed.

[private]
